[Tools] Add editor snippets to help new developers. (#12479)
xamarin/xamarin-macios: tools/editors/README.md

# Editors 

This directory contains a list of useful settings and snippets to make your life easier. There is a directory per editor that contains recommendations
and snippets to be used.

## VS Code

You can find the snippets for csharp in the VSCode directory. There are two possible scenarios:

1. You do no have snippets setup in your system.
2. You do alrady use snippets.

### New to snippets 

> In order to be able to use snippets you need to enable tab completion on vscode, do yo so ny following the instructions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to use snippets you need to enable tab completion on vscode, you do so by following the instructions 
```

I think?

you can find in the [vscode documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets).

Copy the snippets file

```bash
mkdir -p "~/Library/Application Support/Code/User/snippets" 
cp VSCode/* "~/Library/Application Support/Code/User/snippets" 
```

### Already have snippets

> You are al setup, you just need to merge the contents of the file VSCode/csharp.json with the file in "~/Library/Application Support/Code/User/snippets" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are all setup, you just need to merge the contents of the file VSCode/csharp.json with the file in "~/Library/Application Support/Code/User/snippets" 
```
